FW-CADIS Weight Window Generation with Random Ray (#3273)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/methods/variance_reduction.rst

domain. As Monte Carlo uncertainties tend to be inversely proportional to the
physical flux density, it can be extremely difficult to accurately resolve
tallies in locations that are optically far from the source. This issue is
particularly common in fixed source simulations, where some tally locations may
not experience a single scoring event, even after billions of analog histories.

Variance reduction techniques aim to either flatten the global uncertainty
distribution, such that all regions of phase space have a fairly similar
uncertainty, or to reduce the uncertainty in specific locations (such as a
detector). There are two strategies available in OpenMC for variance reduction:
the Monte Carlo MAGIC method, and with FW-CADIS. Both strategies work by
developing a weight window mesh, which can be utilized by subsequent Monte Carlo
solves to split particles heading towards areas of lower flux densities while
terminating particles in higher flux regions -- all while maintaining a fair
game.

------------
MAGIC Method
------------

The MAGIC method is an iterative technique that uses spatial flux information

> (:math:`\phi(r)`) obtained from a normal Monte Carlo solve to produce weight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`\phi(r)` obtained from a normal Monte Carlo solve to produce weight
```

Reviewer: IMO this would look better without parentheses, but it's not critical to change.

> windows (:math:`\w(r)`) that can be utilized by a subsequent iteration of Monte

Reviewer: This math doesn't seem to be rendering properly in the RTD build.

Author: Thanks! Yes, there was an errant `\` before the w that has now been removed.

Carlo. While the first generation of weight windows produced may only help to
reduce variance slightly, use of these weights to generate another set of weight
windows results in a progressively improving iterative scheme. 

Equation :eq:`magic` defines how the lower bound of weight windows

> (:math:`\w_\ell(r)`) are generated with MAGIC using forward flux information.

Reviewer: This math doesn't seem to be rendering properly in the RTD build.

mesh covering the simulation domain). The downside to this method is that as the
flux differential increases between areas near and far from the source, it
requires more outer Monte Carlo iterations, each of which can be highly
expensive in itself. Additionally, computation of weight windows based on
regular (forward) neutron flux tally information does not produce the most
numerically effective set of weight windows. Nonetheless, MAGIC remains a simple
and effective technique for generating weight windows.

--------
FW-CADIS
--------

As discussed in the previous section, computation of weight windows based on
regular (forward) neutron flux tally information does not produce the most
numerically efficient set of weight windows. It is highly preferable to generate
weight windows based on spatial adjoint flux (:math:`\phi^{\dag}(r)`)
information. The adjoint flux is essentially the "reverse" simulation problem,
where we sample a random point and assume this is where a particle was absorbed,
and then trace it backwards (upscattering in energy), until we sample the point
where it was born from.

The FW-CADIS method produces weight windows for global variance reduction given

> adjoint flux information throughout the entire domain. It is defined in Equation
> :eq:`fw_cadis`, and also involves a normalization step not shown here.

Reviewer: Perhaps isntead of "it" we can say "The lower bound of the weight window"
```suggestion
adjoint flux information throughout the entire domain. The weight window lower bound is defined in Equation
:eq:`fw_cadis`, and also involves a normalization step not shown here.
```
